right out of the gate the cmf phone 1
has got me well a little confused I am
familiar with the concept of
budget-oriented sub Brands like honor or
red magic or OnePlus it's just that
nothing does well nothing to hide their
Association putting their branding right
on the side of the box and is nothing
really such a premium brand that they
need a sub brand I'm not saying they're
bad products I'm just saying it feels a
little bit like walking into an Ikea and
finding
ffp furniture for people branded
products next to the IKEA branded ones
what really was the difference here one
difference is of course the price the
cmf phone 1 starts at just
$200 and I've got to say getting this in
my hands I don't believe it everything
about this device from the design to the
materials is deceptively premium feeling
I mean this is made of plastic but it's
not the kind of thing that I would
notice if wasn't a materials nerd and I
was just using my phone like a normal
person even the bezels are yeah they're
on the bigger side compared to the
latest Flagship devices but they're
perfectly reasonable this my friends is
a 120 HZ variable refresh rate 1080x
2400 AMOLED display on a flipping $200
phone they even advertise Peak
brightness of 2,000 nits meaning this
should be great for watching HDR content
unfortunately our lab didn't measure
anywhere near that high but at over
12200 nits that's still enough to blow
out our top down camera and make for a
very acceptable HDR experience and even
the speakers are surprisingly good or
rather I should say speaker since
there's no Amplified earpiece speaker
but that's the kind of thing you expect
to find on a budget phone and honestly
I'm getting ahead of myself a little bit
because we haven't even looked at the
exterior one of the coolest things about
this device is that this plastic backing
which has this really cool kind of
industrial look with screws on it is
also extremely functional instead of
buying cases for the phone one you
actually replace the entire back with
any color you want which is the C in cmf
which stands for color material finish
that is such an Innovative idea and one
that I can fully get behind because it
has the maybe unintentional consequence
of also making it easier to swap out the
battery just because you can swap out
the battery doesn't mean that you're
going to get five to 10 years of
uninterrupted service out of this thing
because they are only committed to two
years for major Android updates and
three years for security updates which
is very much on the low side compared to
competitors we're going to take a closer
look at this after a mention for our
sponsor oh no dearest Mr Sebastian a
thread was published on your subreddit
titled let's get D Brand's attention to
sponsor lineus to dye his hair blonde
again dbrand wanted to bring it back I
thought they were going to sponsor me to
D it again on the show or something I'm
down dbrand come at me yeah yeah yeah
it's going to be a big bag of money or
I'm not doing it though cuz my wife is
not going to be into it today your
evasive maneuvers will be ineffective
before we Fork over a big bag of money
we'd like to engage in the ageel
tradition of try before you buy inside
this box you will find hair bleach use
it to dye a small portion of your hair
right now on camera does it have to be
on my
head why don't for this portion I use
the self camera on the nothing phone
sorry excuse me the cmf phone 1 the rear
camera is a 50 map Sony affair with an
assist camera that helps with portrait
bokeh effects and the front camera is 16
megapixels from our experience photos
are okay they're not the sharpest but
nothing does manage to pretty reasonably
balance skin tones as well as overall
color accuracy as for video though
because both the rear and front camera
lack Optical image stabilization of any
kind you'll find you're going to end up
Focus hunting a little bit and in
general they're they're not really great
they're good enough they're better than
almost any laptop especially when you
consider how challenging these
conditions are but Belle you want to do
the honors use it to dye a small portion
of your hair this isn't even going to
show up on camera you're just going to
make me look like an idiot everywhere
else listen this is what dbrand would
want that's why they trusted me with
this
look dude dude the instructions say
small want you to know I care deeply for
this company and I would do anything to
uh keep us going keep sponsors happy
okay um dbrand asked for a sample of
what the dying my hair blonde
sponsorship might look like and asked
for a small part of my hair to be dyed
blonde I entrusted Belle and he did this
okay why I got a little out of hand I
tried to massage it in and the circle
just got bigger and
bigger oh my gosh
[Music]
you thanks hun
serious yeah L they pay
more anyway let's take a look at the
exterior of this phone on the right side
we've got a lock button on the top we've
got a microphone for noise cancellation
on the left we've got volume rockers or
one rather and then on the bottom a USB
type-c port that mono speaker I
mentioned before as well as our tray for
the SIM card before we go any further I
want to swap this out and see how long
it takes and I'm going to use my LTT
Precision screwdriver oh I love this
okay okay first of all yeah that's super
nice it comes with a Sim removal tool
and everything you need to remove your
old back plate so that's all fine and
cool but it comes with a new little
knobby P the point is that you can leave
your old colors as accents no way it has
micro SD expansion and dual SIM what
doesn't it have hey there we go okay
it's like a leverage Point that's the
internals of the phone
stick how much are these accessory TOPS
oh so cool like look if I want to have
like a a black release knob and a black
SIM tray I could do that boom accent
I I love this now I just wish that I
could have it on a phone that has NFC so
while they manage to match or even beat
some mid-tier phones in other ways like
for example offering 33 wat charging
that manages to get to 50% in just half
an hour it lacks wireless charging which
is kind of an obvious one but it lacks
NFC and with the prevalence of mobile
payments these days I just don't see how
that cannot be a deal breaker for so
many
people you know it's the kind of thing
where I wouldn't even be that mad if
everything else about this phone wasn't
so darn enticing like even just the
texture of this back super nice and in
spite of the plastic back they've
actually managed to have decent enough
cooling that the gaming performance
matches the nothing 2A which is a device
that costs up to like what about $150
more H there's just so much to like here
even the fingerprint sensor was really
good in our testing making it just an
almost complete package at such a
reasonable price this is one of those
ones where I guess I have no choice but
the cop out conclusion where I say I
can't recommend this one it really does
just come down to NFC it's got 5,000
milliamp battery it's gonna get like
almost two days but I want to see a next
gen that resolves that one issue at
nearly the same price give it to me for
$28 and like I won't just recommend it
I'd fliping I'd flip and buy one of
these I mean with that said it's not
like I obviously have the most
Discerning taste in
phones subscribe to Short Circuit quick
Biga closure on this uh this is what it
looks
like yeah D brand the W show is tomorrow
you will be the sponsor for the rest of
this